This is a hospital.
I'm here to see Yan Ting and don't want to argue with you.
How dare you have the face
If it weren't for you, Yan Ting wouldn't have gotten sick
Ah!
You are enough
From today on, I won't let you go
What's the matter, your fox tail is showing now
You really will do anything to get married into a wealthy family.
It's not enough to use Xiuyuan
Still thinking about using the memorial pavilion
What a pity!
Fortunately, Jiayi already knows that you betrayed Xiuyuan
And also got pregnant with someone else
There is no way he would agree to you two being together
You're dead to this heart
So ugly
Yan Ting, you're awake
Yan Ting, you are awake, I am afraid that you will not be able to wake up.
Yingying go out
Although Yan Ting wants to make you go out
Humph
Yan Ting, you're awake
I have so many words of thanks to say to you
Excuse me, look good
Su Ran, I remember now.
I am Huo Xiuyuan
I remember it all
Su Ran I